hey guys and welcome back my name is oh
hey pal and today I've got a really
really fun gameplay for you what you're
going to be watching is some Search and
Destroy in ranked playlist on Call of
Duty advanced warfare what ended up
happening is I joined a ranked playlist
match in progress you see it loading up
here and ended up joining into the
losing team gave us a great comeback
went 10 and 0 and pulled it out so we're
off the bat i noticed that we're two
rounds down so i throw on the most
trihard class i have at the time which
is the b al this is one of the highest
powered assault rifles you've probably
seen a lot of it on advanced warfare
because nearly everyone's using it I
throw it on here because I don't want to
take any chances we might lose this and
rank back down so the first tip for you
guys in this is this spot where I am
right now if you go all the way to the
left right there against the wall you
can see all the way down the stairs
inside that building and so if you are
playing on defense you can rush the top
of that roof and look down those stairs
usually one or two people will come
straight through there and you can kill
them right as they're coming up the
stairs while there while they
technically can't even see you still
because they're out of sight you shoot
the mid body and legs and get some easy
kills they will catch on after a round
or two but it usually works in pubs so
definitely check that spot out as well I
think I end up using that spot honestly
almost every round and for some reason
they don't learn they're either going to
come from the left come through that
window or come up those stairs almost
every time and just give me some free
kills also as for my class I wanted to
mention that this was kind of like match
before I'd really had experience in the
game so much I mean I'm level 47 but
still was feeling like I didn't have a
good grasp on what to use so things in
here like the XO ping and stuff like
that I don't tend to use anymore so
don't necessarily copy me on that as
well as I tend to run a little bit more
heavy on the killstreaks now so there is
definitely stuff to be learned even on a
10 ml game I think that if I would have
had some different perks on maybe had an
extra attachment had something different
some more killstreaks it would have made
this an even easier game for us to win
one thing I've been talking about as
well for advanced warfare is the game
types because they're such small maps
and because the XO's movements be
you really get you around the maps
quicker I feel like team deathmatch and
search and asteroid game types that
really shine in this and especially
ranked play ranked plays for v4 and that
slows the game down even a little bit
further if you've ever played 6v6
domination or hard point or something
like that on this game it just gets
ridiculous because it's just spawn spam
the objective spawn spam be objective
and doesn't really feel like there's
much strategy to it it turns out to be
you know whichever team can just like
lock down the area a little bit better
but it ends up being really hectic
especially with randoms I prefer a game
where I can have a little bit more
control as an individual player
especially while I'm playing with
randoms like now Search and Destroy team
deathmatch definitely have that going
for them and they still play fairly fast
paced because of the movement speeds and
the small maps also a little quick tip
for those you guys that haven't played
this yet I think the plant time is 5
seconds and the diffuse time insurgent
story I think it's seven and a half
which really threw me off guard the
first couple games I played because I
expected it to be five like previous
Call of Duty's but it is definitely not
it's much longer so you have to be
prepared for that when you're going for
the diffuse and really make sure to use
good time management so you don't run
out of time to defuse it is a little bit
of a problem to me that you can actually
join a ranked game mid game I mean this
one was already four to two and
considering you know rank is supposed to
be like show your skill and all that and
show if you what how high you can get it
kind of sucks I was worried going into
this that oh really we're already two
down we're probably gonna lose this and
that means that I'm gonna take a loss
for something it was already half over
before I joined so there's a little bit
of a problem i hope they fix that later
on him maybe if they were to just make
it so people had an incentive not to
leave like if they were to get punished
if they did leave maybe thinks i'm not
sure if you get just a regular loss or
what but it should give you maybe like a
loss and a half or something if you
leave because it is a little bit lame to
have people joining in in progress and
the other thing that was kind of bugging
me about ranked by a little bit while is
playing that day was that it seemed not
to be i mean i understand that this is
the ranking like season or whatever
we're nobodies ranked yet
but it seemed to be very unbalanced you
had people that were coming in that were
like level six or seven I think they're
coming in so low with no mics they
weren't very good players and then you
were also going up against people who
were full teams of four like second
prestige already like two days in the
game and would just trounce pretty much
any team and so I guess the solution is
you just want to have a better team
yourself probably you know go in with
team of four and that makes it so you're
going to lose less often that's pretty
obvious but I wish there was a way for
it to maybe determine based on skill as
well when you're being ranked in these
because you can get kind of an unlucky
streak or a lucky streak which I have
had both of and you know what when I
have a lucky streak it doesn't really
feel like I earned anything in this
playlist it doesn't feel like oh yeah
I'm ranking up because I really deserved
it because I really you know just bested
those teams it just felt like oh you
just got paired with some noobs and got
got lucky with the match and it felt
somewhat similar when we lost so I wish
that there was more skill based
matchmaking in the ranked playlist for
this ranking season but again that's not
as big of a deal another thing I want to
mention about my class is I am using the
flashbang grenades not frags not
stickies none of that because honestly
most of the grenades in this game are
very bad I mean you have to have your
grenade right next to them in order to
get a kill it doesn't do a lot of splash
damage or anything like that but I do
feel like the flash grenades since you
can air burst them are very very useful
so definitely take advantage of those
also you can use them almost as little
mini UAVs work you think somebody might
be over there spam one if you get a
hitmarker now you know and here you see
me using that line of sight yet again I
can kind of see his legs there then I
recognize it and pull off an easy double
kill without them even taking a shot of
me because they couldn't see where I was
at that takes their team down by half
and makes the rest of this round very
pretty easy for us anyways guys that's
about all I have for you today make sure
to LIKE favorite and subscribe if you
did enjoy it I really enjoyed playing
this game so far I've been having a lot
of fun and I'm looking forward to
bringing you guys more advanced warfare
content on a regular basis still
planning to upload you know one to three
times per week depending on how my
schedule is it's doing some streams as
well so be sure to keep checking back
follow me on Twitter
atto hateful and yeah you guys all have
a great day and I'll see you soon I
you